Dungeon System

1. You walk into a room or start a new dungeon run 
2. A true RNG decides if you get into a fight (if so, you have to fight first before the next step)
3. Another true RNG decides if you find any loot in the room 
4. You then have options like "Move into the next room" or "Abandon Dungeon Run"
5. At the end of each dungeon you have to fight the dungeons boss after that you get guaranteed loot.

Dungeon Floors

Some Classes are heavily favoured in some of the dungeons, every dungeon can however be completed with every class.
First Update - 4 Dungeons that require you to be a certain level (except for dungeon 1 which is unlocked instantly)
Second Update - 2 more dungeons
Third and Final update will bring 4 more and introduce the final boss of the game.

Hardcore Difficulty

The Game is locked on Hard Difficulty and the Savefile System is disabled.
After death you get thrown back onto the main menu, without a way to return to your Savefile because you couldn't save.

Stat usage

Strength - Is used in the calculation for damage_taken from your attacks and increases the amount of damage you do to an enemy
Strength also gives TStr (True Strength), which amplifies the amount of damage that critical hits can do (+15 damage per 1 TStr Point)
This will probably cause some inbalance in classes, however it can always be balanced later.
You get a TStr point automatically every 10 Strength Points. (The Weapon does not impact this)

Defense - Is used in the calculation for damage_taken by enemy attacks and reduces the amount of damage you take from an enemy
Defense also gives a certain amount of TDef (True Defense) which nullifies a certain amount of damage completely (each TDef point reduces damage_taken by 5).
You get a TDef point automatically every 7 Defense Points. This will help Tanks a lot, however it should be a decent help to every class.
(Your armor DOES impact the TDef Points)

Agility - Gives you a higher chance to dodge attacks from enemies and impacts multihit skills by allowing them to hit more times (Mainly for Warrior and Gunslinger (Which was previously the engineer))
Agility also impacts the amount of Tech Points you can have (+5 Tech Points for each Agility point you have), this will be useful for Tank, Warrior and Archer whose skills heavily rely on TP

Intelligence - Increases the effectiveness of spells that use mana (Mainly Caster, Gunslinger and Healer), gives a higher crit chance for every class
Intelligence should also impact the Mana that you have (+10 mana for each intelligence point you have), This will give a heavy advantage to Classes that use MP however it can also be useful for classes that use TP.

I now need to make balanced formulas for the increase every time you level up
These also need to be based on what class you play

For example Caster has no use for Strength since he heavily relies on spells...
While gunslinger heavily relies on Strength and Agility but has no real use for Intelligence
Or Tank heavily relies on EHP (Effective HP which is calculated from the HP you have * the formula for defense)
Warrior heavily relies on Intelligence and Strength (Intelligence only because of Crit Chance, however Strength because of TStr which increases the Crit damage you can deal.)

